Add Details for FH 234 (#549)
nushackers/nushackers-site: content/post/2023-02-03-friday-hacks-234.md

---
title: "Friday Hacks #234, February 03: Indie Developer and Hack&Roll 2023 Projects"
date: 2023-01-29 13:25:15.5144
author: Toh Li Heng
url: /2023/02/friday-hacks-234
summary: From idea to revenue and some cool hacks from Hack&Roll 2023.
sponsors:
    - hangar
---

**Date/Time:** Friday, January 27 at 7:00pm SGT<br />
**Venue:** [**Level 2 Auditorium** @ i3 Building](https://goo.gl/maps/aUMwWptKFsajR93b9)<br />
**Register for Food:** [NUSync Food Sign-up Link](https://hckr.cc/fh2223s2-w4)<br />

> **Food 🍕 will be served!**

_If you are unable to come join us physically, you are welcome to join us [online](https://hckr.cc/fh2223s2-w4-zoom)!_

<img src="/img/2023/fh/234.jpg" alt="Friday Hacks #234 Poster" /><br />

## 1) Idea to Revenue: How to make your first internet dollar

Dexter will share his journey building Homerow, a productivity macOS application that has generated $5,000 in revenue since August 2022. He hopes to encourage Computing students to start building side projects to learn and  have fun 👀.

### Speaker Profile

Dexter is an incoming NUS CS freshman. He is currently working an 8-5 job. In his free time, he likes to build apps and occasionally sells them.

> ## 2) Hack&Roll 2023: Winners

Reviewer: The title doesn't match the pubs image which says "How to build an award winning project?"

I personally like "How to build an award winning project?" more than "Hack&Roll 2023: Winners"

You can mention Hack&Roll 2023 in the description: "IOT systems, these projects from Hack&Roll 2023..."

> From building your own mobile carriers and posture correcting IoT systems, these projects never fail to impress all of us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out how teams built their own mobile carrier, and created posture correcting IOT systems within 24 hours as part of Hack&Roll 2023!
```

### Speaker Profile

> T0X1C V4P0R and Slap Slap were among the top 8 of Hack&Roll 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T0X1C V4P0R and Slap Slap were among the top 8 teams of Hack&Roll 2023.
```
